README.md, before:

# Companies that provide Visa Sponsorships


The aim of the list is to gather data on companies that sponsor employees from other countries.

It's well known that bigger companies do this but there isn't a lot of data on smaller to medium sized companies, so the goal is to focus on those here.

To add a company, either [create an issue](https://github.com/shubheksha/companies-sponsoring-visas/issues/new) with the relevant details or send a PR adhering to the format specified and try to provide as much information as possible.

**Please verify this information as it may not always be fully up-to-date, especially in the current economic climate.**


| Name  | Location(s)  |Roles sponsored  |  Careers page |  Relocation bonus? |
|-------|--------------|-----------------|---------------|--------------------|
| Stripe| London, UK <br>Dublin, IE| Engineering| https://stripe.com/jobs| N/A|       
| Shopify| Toronto/Ottawa, CA <br> London, UK <br> Berlin, DE| Engineering| https://shopify.com/careers| ✅|
| Spotify| Stockholm, SE <br> London, UK| Engineering| https://www.spotifyjobs.com/| ✅|
| Zalando| Berlin, DE <br> Dublin, IE <br> Helsinki, FI <br> Dortmund, NRW| Engineering| https://jobs.zalando.com/en/jobs/| ✅|
| Deliveryhero| Berlin, DE| Engineering| https://careers.deliveryhero.com/global/en| ✅|
| Datadog| Paris, FR <br> London, UK | Engineering| https://www.datadoghq.com/careers/| N/A|
| Revolut| Berlin, DE <br> Krakow, PL | Engineering| https://www.revolut.com/en-US/careers| N/A|
| Intercom| London, UK <br>Dublin, IE| Design, Engineering, Product| https://www.intercom.com/careers| ✅|
| Diet Doctor | Stockholm, SE | Various | https://careers.dietdoctor.com/ | N/A |      
| HelloFresh | Berlin, DE | Engineering | https://www.hellofresh.com/careers/ | N/A | 
| Etsy | Dublin, IE | Engineering | https://www.etsy.com/uk/careers#engineering | N/A |
| Hashicorp | Berlin, DE <br> London, UK | Engineering | https://www.hashicorp.com/jobs#engineering | N/A |
| Transferwise | London, UK | Engineering | https://www.transferwise.jobs/ | N/A |
| Skyscanner | London, UK | Engineering | https://www.skyscanner.net/jobs/current-jobs/ | N/A |
| Twilio | London, UK | Engineering | https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs | N/A |
| Monzo | London, UK | Engineering/Product | https://monzo.com/careers/ | ✅ |

Commit message:

Add link to blog post

README.md, after:

# Companies that provide Visa Sponsorships


The aim of the list is to gather data on companies that sponsor employees from other countries.

It's well known that bigger companies do this but there isn't a lot of data on smaller to medium sized companies, so the goal is to focus on those here.

To add a company, either [create an issue](https://github.com/shubheksha/companies-sponsoring-visas/issues/new) with the relevant details or send a PR adhering to the format specified and try to provide as much information as possible.

**Please verify this information as it may not always be fully up-to-date, especially in the current economic climate.**

I wrote a blog post about [how I moved from India to Europe](https://shubheksha.com/posts/2020/08/how-i-moved-from-india-to-europe-for-a-tech-job/) for a tech job if you're looking for some more guidance.


| Name  | Location(s)  |Roles sponsored  |  Careers page |  Relocation bonus? |
|-------|--------------|-----------------|---------------|--------------------|
| Stripe| London, UK <br>Dublin, IE| Engineering| https://stripe.com/jobs| N/A|       
| Shopify| Toronto/Ottawa, CA <br> London, UK <br> Berlin, DE| Engineering| https://shopify.com/careers| ✅|
| Spotify| Stockholm, SE <br> London, UK| Engineering| https://www.spotifyjobs.com/| ✅|
| Zalando| Berlin, DE <br> Dublin, IE <br> Helsinki, FI <br> Dortmund, NRW| Engineering| https://jobs.zalando.com/en/jobs/| ✅|
| Deliveryhero| Berlin, DE| Engineering| https://careers.deliveryhero.com/global/en| ✅|
| Datadog| Paris, FR <br> London, UK | Engineering| https://www.datadoghq.com/careers/| N/A|
| Revolut| Berlin, DE <br> Krakow, PL | Engineering| https://www.revolut.com/en-US/careers| N/A|
| Intercom| London, UK <br>Dublin, IE| Design, Engineering, Product| https://www.intercom.com/careers| ✅|
| Diet Doctor | Stockholm, SE | Various | https://careers.dietdoctor.com/ | N/A |      
| HelloFresh | Berlin, DE | Engineering | https://www.hellofresh.com/careers/ | N/A | 
| Etsy | Dublin, IE | Engineering | https://www.etsy.com/uk/careers#engineering | N/A |
| Hashicorp | Berlin, DE <br> London, UK | Engineering | https://www.hashicorp.com/jobs#engineering | N/A |
| Transferwise | London, UK | Engineering | https://www.transferwise.jobs/ | N/A |
| Skyscanner | London, UK | Engineering | https://www.skyscanner.net/jobs/current-jobs/ | N/A |
| Twilio | London, UK | Engineering | https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs | N/A |
| Monzo | London, UK | Engineering/Product | https://monzo.com/careers/ | ✅ |
